Necessities and Requirements:

* A Windows computer
* A VPS (A 512 MB DigitalOcean Debian 8.6 x64 was used for this setup)
* Putty freeware program

Simple Setup:

* Create your VPS:

It is best to create and 'Add your SSH key' to a VPS, but simply using a good,
long password containing some non-alpha characters can be used to login to your
VPS also.  Your VPS is going to be enduring continuous behind the scene attacks
by hackers in an attempt to break into and use it for nefarious purposes.  Thus
an SSH key or good password is most necessary.  Once the VPS has been created,
copy or write down its IP Address for later use.  This is all you need to do
concerning setting up the VPS.



* PuTTY Setup:

Download and install PuTTY from:
  http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/download.html
Download the 'Zip:' or 'Installer:', either will work.

Start PuTTY by clicking on its desktop icon or the putty.exe in its folder.
Click on the top 'Session' item in the menu tree on the left side of the PuTTY
interface.

A. Session window:
1. In the 'Host Name (or IP address)' box, enter the IP address you recorded after
   creating you VPS.
2. Port 22 should be in 'Port' (unless you have changed your SSH port number).
3. Connection type: 'SSH'.
4. Type a name to identify these PuTTY connection parameters in the 'Saved Sessions'
   box.  The name 'SSH web tunnel' (without the single quotes) will be used for this
   demonstration, but any name can be used.  After all your PuTTY parameters are
   setup, you will be able to double click on this name in the listbox below the
   'Saved Sessions' box to make the connection.
5. Go ahead and save what has been done thus far by clicking the 'Save' button
   on the right side of the PuTTY interface.
</p>
<p>
B. Click on the 'Window/Behaviour' item in the menu tree.
1. In the 'Window title:' box, enter 'SSH web tunnel' (without the single quotes).
</p>
C. Click on the 'Connection/Data' item in the menu tree.
1. In the 'Auto-login username' box, enter 'root' (without the single quotes).

D. Click on the 'Connection/SSH/Auth' item in the menu tree (click the + next to
   'SSH' to expand the tree if necessary).
1. If you have created an SSH keys for logging in, place the path to your secret
   key in the 'Private key file for authenication:' box (possibly a ?.ppk file).
   Otherwise, leave the box blank.

E. Click on the 'Connection/Tunnels/' item in the menu tree.
1. Enter 8080 into the 'Source port' box.
2. Click on the 'Dynamic' line or check its button in the second from bottom row.
3. Now click the Add button and you will see 'D8080' appear in the listbox below
   'Forwarded ports:'.

F. Last, once again click on the top 'Session' item in the menu tree and click the
   'Save' button.  This must be done to save all the subsequent added parameters.

Now double click on the name you gave your parameters for your connection to
the VPS in the Session window (or single click on the name, click the 'Load'
button, and then the 'Open' button at the bottom of the PuTTY interface).  You
should see a window popup connecting you to your VPS.  Answer 'Yes' to the
'Putty Security Alert' window message that will popup the first time you connect.
If you are using a password, enter it at the password prompt.  If there is a
problem with connecting, close the window, start PuTTY again, single click on the
connection name again, and click the 'Load' button above the Save button.
Examine all your parameters again to see if there is an error.
(Note the 'Connection/Tunnels' window will have reset to its original defaults,
however the D8080 should still be in the 'Forwarded ports:' listbox.)


* Browser parameters setup:

You now must set your browser to connect to PuTTY.  I am using FireFox as the
browser for this demonstration.  Using FireFox with FoxyProxy makes switching
between your normal connection and your VPS very easy.

A. Setup without FoxyProxy:
Go to 'Tools/Options/Advanced/Network'.  Click the 'Settings...' button next to
'Configure how Firefox connects to the Internet' and set the parameters as below:
1. Check the 'Manual proxy configuration:' box.
2. Enter 127.0.0.1 into the 'HTTP Proxy:' box and 8080 into the 'Port:' box.
3. Check the 'SOCKS v5' box.
4. Click the OK button.

B. Setup with FoxyProxy:
If using FireFox with FoxyProxy, open the FoxyProxy window, click 'Add New Proxy'.
In the 'General' tab, make the 'Proxy Name' the same name you gave to the PuTTY
'Session' = 'SSH web tunnel' (however, it can be any name).  In the 'Proxy Details'
tab, click 'Manual Proxy Configuration'.  In 'Host or IP Address', enter 127.0.0.1.
In 'Port', enter 8080.  Check 'SOCKS proxy?' and 'SOCKS v5'.

After you make the changes to the browser network parameters, you should be able
to brows through the VPS.  If using FoxyProxy, remember that you have to right click
and select the FoxyProxy line for the VPS = 'SSH web tunnel'.

To shutdown the PuTTY connection, type 'exit' at the connection window prompt.

